this is one of the last few remaining
hospitals in
Gaza each day brings more patients for
neurologist Muhammad Alti and his staff
at ala hospital it means another long
shift with little
resources every day we deal with dozens
of cases there is a severe shortage of
Essential Medical Supplies we are
dealing with patients using very
primitive methods which take a long time
we sometimes lose the patient in the
operation room due to the lack of
medical tools most of the 36 hospitals
in Gaza have been destroyed and critical
Health Care remain inaccessible nearly
500 Palestinian health workers have been
killed and those are still standing with
limited supplies have often to make a
choice about who gets to live
Specialists and other medical
professionals have had to move around to
avoid being targeted in Israel's attacks
in the past 8 months they have been
providing essential treatment to the
wounded and those who were already sick
and with each Israeli strike causing
Mass casualties keeping people alive
with limited supplies becomes that much
more difficult unlike medical
professionals all over the world doctors
and nurses in Gaza do not get breaks a
good night to sleep is a luxury for
Muhammad
we work 24 hours on certain days we are
providing medical care for three basic
departments we should follow old cases
in the hospital we continue to treat new
cases in the emergency department and we
carry out medical surgeries for critical
cases along with my colleagues to save
patients but the neurologist is also a
refugee Muhammad has had to move
multiple times because nowhere safe in
Gaza Israeli attacks have targeted
people in areas that they were design
ated safe zones for doctors like
Muhammad that are worrying thought while
they work because they have to leave
their families and flimsy t for
days When The War Began I didn't see my
family for two weeks because I didn't
leave alifa Hospital even when I visited
my family later I was thinking about the
hospital and the patients and how I can
balance my personal and professional
life gaza's doctors and nurses have
refused to leave patients behind even
when they were given evacuation orders
by Israel all over the world doctors and
healthcare workers have protested in
solidarity but for doctors like Muhammad
ceas fire could not come soon enough as
they tirelessly work to save lives tarum
Al jazer darl balah
Palestine make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from our
Al jazer